The Salzland fest in Staßfurt in the Salzlandkreis has been held 31 times
around 6:30 pm was due to the entry of the miner's club
Stephan the delegations at the historical pit in Staßfurt
the Salzland festively by Mayor René Zok solemnly
open
by the shooting club of the salt city Staßfurt became with its most beautiful
widely audible announced this event
then it comes as usual the collection of the clubs
the Bergmannsverein
Youth wind orchestra Lennar Corp. shooting club and the
Marine camaraderie
The regional association of allotment gardeners also had one this year
secondment
on the centenary of garden club does not install the woman
to draw attention
then the flag dedication was traditionally made by Igor Kunstverein
numerous Staßfurter and guests took part in the opening
In addition to the many historic club costumes, the children were the Kita delivered
Male a special splash of color at AIK this festive opening
after on Friday in the historic pits the opening still at
bright sunshine took place
On Sunday the guests and actors of Dexia were better surprised
but this weather could not change the good mood so turned
the stone road from the turkey bridge to the van Eck push yard in one
shopping and party mile
so there was resort in Cali Garden and music from the Middle Ages
There have been and will be lots of entertainment with Hansen's live music
Information stands and exhibitions offered
many tradesmen of the city Staßfurt had their business on 5
or get involved with stalls on the schedule
so informed the stand of the salt city Staßfurt
with 1 2
fresh and current from Staßfurt and the region
also the allotment gardeners of the regional association Staßfurt
they were of course represented with a comprehensive information booth
the marine comradeship and the club learn here and broadcast friends
informed the visitors
There were many play and craft stands for our youngest and for dinner and
Drink note sufficiently worried
but see for yourself